A quickie, I'll expand later if needed:

- Start : Load your map with devmap. Join and type in the console: "sv 
makenodes" to create a new file from scratch (will delete the current nav file 
at saving, if any) or "sv editnodes" to modify the currently loaded nodes.

- Walk around your map dropping nodes: As you walk, the game will be dropping 
navigation nodes. These nodes are used by the bots to move. Each time a node is 
dropped the code tries to determine what type of movement is required to move 
from the previous node to the new one, and it's guess is printed in the chat 
screen. This only applies to 'normal' movements, other movements like 
func_plats, teleporters and jumpads aren't guessed, but directly created by the 
code, so when going through them it will always be print as LINK_INVALID. Also, 
LINK_JUMP will never be print, they are found before saving by checking all the 
nodes together.

The only LINK_INVALID you have to worry about is when turning around a corner, 
if one node doesn't see the other, and there isn't a third node so the bot can 
use it as union, the bot will probably never choose that path. In this situation 
you can force a new node to be dropped by typing in the console "sv addnode". 
The node will be dropped right at your current position.

For midair maps, which doesn't use any item, we need to add goals so the bots 
find some place to go. We use misc_botroam entities for this purpose. They can 
also be dropped from the console by typing "sv addbotroam". NOTE: Our botroams 
don't act the same as Q3 bot roams. Items, even the less interesting one, will 
always have priority over a bot roam for us, so bot roams will be ignored as 
long as the bot finds any reachable item to go for.

- Save the nav file: Once you are done walking around and you don't see any more 
"Dropped node" prints, but only links prints, you can save the navigation file 
by typing in the console: "sv savenodes". The code will find any possible link 
between all the nodes, cathegorize it, and save it into a file.

- Review : With the saved navigation file, you can, if you want to review the 
links, type in the console "showplinks". This will show lines from the closer 
node to you, to each node linked from it. If you go walking around you will see 
the possibilities to move from each place. Type "showplinks" again to disable 
it.

- You can callvote addbots now.

P.S: Don't try to force the bots to follow a path by giving them few options. 
That was ok with some Q2 bots which used a similar system for dropping the 
nodes, but their pathing algorithms weren't even similar to Warsow's one. Just 
make sure all the map has nodes and let the bots do their own decissions.