:: :: :: Dedicated server quide

:: Running one server

If you only want to run one server on your computer, things will be easy. The
only thing you really need to do, is customize dedicated_server.cfg to fit your
needs. Here is how:

1) Open dedicated_autoexec.cfg

2) At the top of the page you will see line: set sv_hostname "warsow server"

This sets the hostname of your server, the name everyone sees when they see
your server. You will want to use something little more personal than
"warsow server", so come up with a good informative name, and replace
"warsow server" with it.

3) Few lines down in the config file, you will notice settings like sv_public,
   password and sv_skilllevel

These control various aspect of your server. If sv_public is set to 1, like it
is on default. Your server will show up on public server list, the one you see
when pressing "join game" in Warsow's main menu. So if you aren't making a
server that's meant to be public, change the 1 on sv_public line to 0.

Note, that even if you set sv_public to 0, anyone can still join your server.
To control that, you can set a value for the password variable. If you for
example set password to "salasana", then everyone joining your server will be
asked for password and if they won't reply with "salasana" they will not get
in. Do not mix this variable with rcon_password, that is used for remotely
controlling the server.

The third variable, sv_skilllevel, is used to specify for what level of players
your server is intended to. Valid values are 0, 1 and 2. Here 0 means easy, 1
normal and 2 hard.

4) Scroll all the way down to the end of dedicated_autoexec.cfg. There are many
   lines that begin with exec or //exec

Here you can specify the type of your server, using one of prebuilt templates.
To pick the server type, just remove the two dashes // from the start of the
template's line you want to use, and add those two dashes in front of the line
that didn't have them.  Available templates are:

- All Around (default)
Supports all gametypes, that can be changed with voting. Starts in TDM mode.

- FFA
Public dm server config. Running with many maps changing randomly. Most voting
disabled. This server allows eight players at once.

- Duel
Small server for duel only, allows three players at once. Also allows midair
and instagib gametypes.

- Duel & Quad
Five player server, where you can play duels or quads (2 vs 2 team games).
Starts in duel mode.

- TDM
Server for playing only TDM. There is room for twelve players.

- CTF
Server for playing only CTF. There is room for twelve players.

- TDM & CTF
Server that allows playing both TDM and CTF. Server starts in TDM mode, but it
can be changed with voting.

- CA
Server for playing Clan Arena. There is room for sixteen players.

5) Save and close dedicated_autoexec.cfg

6) Start the server

Windows:
Double click wsw_server.exe

Linux:
Start wsw_server executable.
